docs: restructure and apply diataxis to OCI docs (#213)
canonical/ubuntu-cloud-docs: oci/oci-reference/index.rst

.. _oci-reference:

Reference
*********

> This section of the documentation contains an in-depth description the Ubuntu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you'll find an in-depth description of the Ubuntu
```
